Why did the computer get cold? It left its Windows open.
I would tell you a UDP joke but you might not get it.
Why do programmers prefer dark mode? Because light attracts bugs.
There are 10 types of people: those who understand binary and those who don’t.
I tried to catch some fog earlier… I mist.
Why was the JavaScript developer sad? Because he didn’t Node how to Express himself.
Debugging: Removing the needles from the haystack.
Why don’t programmers like nature? Too many bugs.
I just got fired from the keyboard factory. They said I wasn’t putting in enough shifts.
Why did the developer go broke? Because he used up all his cache.
Why do Python developers wear glasses? Because they can’t C.
I changed my password to 'incorrect' so when I forget it it reminds me.
Why did the function return early? It had commitment issues.
Why was the computer tired? It had too many tabs open.
What’s a computer’s favorite snack? Microchips.
Why did the server break up? Too many requests.
Why do coders hate stairs? Because they’re always up to something.
I told my laptop I needed a break… now it won’t stop sending beach wallpapers.
Why was the AI calm? It had deep learning.
Why did the byte go to therapy? It had too many bits of trauma. --- General Clean Jokes ---
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
Why did the math book look sad? It had too many problems.
Why don’t skeletons fight each other? They don’t have the guts.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
Why can’t your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
What do you call fake spaghetti? An impasta.
Why did the bicycle fall over? It was two-tired.
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.
What do you call cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese.
Why don’t calendars get stressed? They take it one day at a time.
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
Why can’t you give Elsa a balloon? Because she’ll let it go.
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It felt crummy.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
Why don’t oysters donate to charity? Because they’re shellfish.
Why did the stadium get hot? All the fans left.
Why don’t we tell secrets on farms? Because the potatoes have eyes.
Why did the picture go to jail? It was framed. --- Short Clever One-Liners ---
I’m reading a book on anti-gravity. It’s impossible to put down.
Parallel lines have so much in common… it’s a shame they’ll never meet.
I used to play piano by ear now I use my hands.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know.
I told a joke about time travel… you didn’t like it.
I have a fear of speed bumps. But I’m slowly getting over it.
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.
I used to be indecisive. Now I’m not sure.
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun went… then it dawned on me.
My math teacher called me average. How mean.
I don’t trust stairs. They’re always up to something.
Why don’t programmers like camping? Too many bugs.
I tried to be normal once. Worst two minutes of my life.
I invented a new word: Plagiarism.
I used to be a baker but I couldn’t make enough dough.
I’m afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.
I once got into a fight with 1 3 5 7 and 9. The odds were against me.
Claustrophobic people are more productive thinking outside the box.
I broke my finger last week. On the other hand I’m okay.
Light travels faster than sound. That’s why some people appear bright until they speak. --- Fun Facts (Science & Nature) ---
Octopuses have three hearts.
Bananas are berries but strawberries aren’t.
Honey never spoils.
Sharks existed before trees.
A day on Venus is longer than a year on Venus.
Wombats have cube-shaped poop.
The Eiffel Tower can grow taller in summer.
Sloths can hold their breath longer than dolphins.
Hot water can freeze faster than cold water.
There are more trees on Earth than stars in the Milky Way.
Some turtles can breathe through their backsides.
The human brain uses about 20% of the body’s energy.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
A bolt of lightning is five times hotter than the sun’s surface.
Koalas have fingerprints almost identical to humans.
An octopus can fit through any hole bigger than its beak.
Cows have best friends.
Rainbows are actually full circles.
Sea otters hold hands while sleeping.
A single cloud can weigh over a million kilograms. --- Space Facts ---
Neutron stars are so dense a teaspoon would weigh billions of tons.
There are more possible games of chess than atoms in the observable universe.
Saturn could float in water if there were a bathtub big enough.
Mars has the tallest volcano in the solar system.
The footprints on the Moon may last millions of years.
Jupiter has the shortest day of all the planets.
One million Earths could fit inside the Sun.
Space is completely silent.
Venus spins backwards compared to most planets.
A year on Mercury is just 88 Earth days. --- Human Body Facts ---
You blink around 20000 times a day.
Your heart beats about 100000 times a day.
Bones are stronger than steel of the same density.
You are taller in the morning than at night.
Your stomach gets a new lining every few days.
Sneezes can travel over 100 mph.
The human nose can detect over a trillion scents.
Babies are born with around 300 bones.
Your brain generates enough electricity to power a small bulb.
Laughter boosts your immune system. --- Random Cool Facts ---
Oxford University is older than the Aztec Empire.
The inventor of the Pringles can is buried in one.
The shortest war in history lasted 38 minutes.
Scotland has 421 words for snow.
A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
The unicorn is Scotland’s national animal.
The first oranges weren’t orange.
The hashtag symbol is technically called an octothorpe.
The longest English word has 189819 letters.
Cleopatra lived closer to the Moon landing than to the building of the pyramids. --- Extra Quick Entertainers ---
If at first you don’t succeed skydiving isn’t for you.
Why did the moon skip dinner? It was full.
I would avoid the sushi if I were you. It’s a little fishy.
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.
Why did the computer sneeze? It caught a virus.
Why did the banana go to the doctor? It wasn’t peeling well.
Why are elevators so good at their jobs? They always go the extra level.
What do you call a factory that makes good products? A satisfactory.
Why don’t programmers like the outdoors? The real world has too many variables.
What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time.
Smiling can actually improve your mood
